methods - it is block of statements used to perform a specific task
to use specific task

access modifier/specifier
return type of method
name of method

public static void powerbutton(){
	//satements
	sout("Screen on")
	sout("screen off")
}

-- method can created only in global area.
-- method create n number of methods in one class
-- method is executed only when called
-- one method can be called n numbers of time

we have 2 types of methods
1. no argument method - a method which does not have formal arguments.
2. parameterized method-a method which have formal arguments.

--------------------------------Static------------------------------------------
Difference between static method and static block.
Static Block in Java

📌 What it is :

A static block is a block of code that runs once when the class is loaded into memory.

📌 Purpose

	Used for static initialization
	
	Executed before main()
	
	Ideal for one-time setup (loading drivers, initializing static data)

📌 Key Points

	Runs automatically
	
	Executes only once
	
	Cannot be called manually
	
	No return type

	Runs before any static method
	
🔹 Static Method in Java
📌 What it is

A static method belongs to the class, not to any object.

📌 Purpose

	Perform operations related to the class
	
	Can be called without creating an object
	
	Can be called multiple times

📌 Key Points

	Must be called explicitly
	
	Can accept parameters
	
	Can return values
	
	Can be overloaded
	
	Can access only static variables/methods
	
-----------------
can we overload main method.

------------------
write a difference between static and non static variable.
static variable:
- Static variables belong to the class, not to objects.
- Only one copy exists, shared by all objects.
- They are accessed using the class name and loaded during class loading.

non- static variable:
- Non-static variables belong to an object.
- They are created when an object is created and destroyed with the object.
- Each object has its own copy.
	
whenever we have a non ststic variable and local variable with same,
if we use directly inside non static context the high priority is given for local varibale
to use non static variable we have to use this keyword

this:
this is a keyword
it is non static reference variable
it is used to store address of current object
it can be used only inside non static context.


-----------------
write a difference between static and non static block

Static Block

	- A static block executes once when the class is loaded into memory, before the main() method.
	
	- It is used to initialize static variables and cannot access non-static members directly.

Non-Static Block (Instance Initializer Block)

	- A non-static block executes every time an object is created, before the constructor.
	
	- It is used to initialize instance (non-static) variables and can access both static and non-static members.


------------------------------constructor-----------------
1.why constructor recursion is not possible?
Constructor recursion is not possible because it would lead to an infinite loop during object creation, and Java strictly prevents that.
Constructor recursion is not possible because it causes infinite object creation with no termination condition, leading to stack overflow. 
Java prevents this at compile time to ensure safe object initialization.

2.what is the use of constructor overloading?
Constructor overloading is used to initialize objects in multiple ways based on different inputs, 
improving flexibility, readability, and proper object initialization.

3.Difference between constructor overloading and method overloading?
	Constructor Overloading:
	
		Multiple constructors with different parameters
		
		Used to initialize objects
		
		Called automatically during object creation
	
	Method Overloading:
	
		Multiple methods with same name but different parameters
		
		Used to perform different tasks
		
		Called explicitly using method name

4.When do we use a Parameterized Constructor?

 -We use a parameterized constructor when we want to pass values at the time of object creation and initialize the object with 
  specific (custom) data instead of default values.
  
5.What is copy constructor?.
- A copy constructor is used to create a new object by copying the values of an existing object, ensuring independent memory allocation.





